README.md, before:

# Gmotion.vim
provide a general motion for block text-objects with highlight!

## Usage
After initial load, gmotion will automatically parse the current buffer, if it finds any block text-object (like ""、[]、''、()、<>, {}...) in current line, it will highlight the prefix and the suffix part of the text-object.
By default, only `""`, `[]`, `''`, `()`, `<>`, `{{}` surrounded text-object are defined, you candefine your own text-object, see[跳转到小节](#custome) for more details and limitations.

### `g` As General Motion
If you familiar with vim's text-objects, than you must be used to those `ci(`、`di{`、`ci"`、`ya[` quick motions, however, sometimes you may find it takes a bit time to determine to press which key, not to mension `({<"` are ***far from***fingers.
This is where gmotion help you out, instead of typing `i(`、`i{`、`a[`、`a<`, typing `ig` and `ag` will work the same. With highlighted prefix and surffix, you can easily tell which text-object is on operation.

ig and ag example:
![ig and ag](./gif/ig_ag.gif)

### `gh` And `gl` As Move and Motion
By typing `gh` or `gl`, you can move quickily to the left or right part of the text-object
![gh_gl](./gif/gh_gl.gif)

### Quick Change or Delete
gmotion also help you change or delete text-objects's prefix and surffix.
![grd](./gif/gr.gif)

## Custom Configuration (#custom)
### Add Your Text-Object
### Change Highligh Group

## Installation
```
source plugin/gmotion.vim
```

Commit message:

fix: use bufnr as a identifier for every buffer instead of window id

README.md, after:

# Gmotion.vim
provide a general motion for block text-objects with highlight!

## Usage
After initial load, gmotion will automatically parse the current buffer, if it finds any block text-object (like ""、[]、''、()、<>, {}...) in current line, it will highlight the prefix and the suffix part of the text-object.
By default, only `""`, `[]`, `''`, `()`, `<>`, `{}` surrounded text-object are defined, you candefine your own text-object, see[跳转到小节](#custome) for more details and limitations.

### `g` As General Motion
If you familiar with vim's text-objects, than you must be used to those `ci(`、`di{`、`ci"`、`ya[` quick motions, however, sometimes you may find it takes a bit time to determine to press which key, not to mension `({<"` are ***far from***fingers.
This is where gmotion help you out, instead of typing `i(`、`i{`、`a[`、`a<`, typing `ig` and `ag` will work the same. With highlighted prefix and surffix, you can easily tell which text-object is on operation.

ig and ag example:
![ig and ag](./gif/ig_ag.gif)

### `gh` And `gl` As Move and Motion
By typing `gh` or `gl`, you can move quickily to the left or right part of the text-object
![gh_gl](./gif/gh_gl.gif)

### Quick Change or Delete
gmotion also help you change or delete text-objects's prefix and surffix.
![grd](./gif/gr.gif)

## Custom Configuration (#custom)
### Add Your Text-Object
By chaning the `g:gmotion_pair` in your `.vimrc`, you can add or delete text-objects, 
```vimscript
let g:gmotion_pair = [
    \ ['(', ')'],
    \ ['[', ']'],
    \ ['{', '}'],
    \ ['<', '>'],
    \ ['"', '"'],
    \ ["'", "'"],
    \ ['`', '`']]
```
### Change Highligh Group
You can also cutomize the highlight group gmotion use, just by assinging your hlgroup to `g:gmotion_highligh_group`
```vimscript
let g:gmotion_highligh_group = 'MatchParen'
```

## Installation
### For Vim-Plug
Add following line in the plug section in your .vimrc
```
Plug 'Chen-Rong-Zi/gmotion.vim', { 'do': { -> popup_notification(['Gmotion Installed'], {'time': 1000})} }
```
`source` your .vimrc and `:PlugInstall`, you may notice the popup notification window that says 'Gmotion Installed'
